Dereliction of duty (KOR)A cluster of Covid-19 infections is growing among sailors of the Cheonghae unit on a Navy destroyer dispatched to the waters off eastern Africa. In Korea, a growing number of members of the militant Korean Confederation of Trade Union (KCTU) tested positive after participating in an illegal rally in Seoul on July 3. The first cluster resulted from the government’s negligence of sailors’ safety while the latter originated with the government’s lax reaction. Basically, both outbreaks can be attributed to the government’s failure to buy vaccines early enough and its incompetent and irresponsible quarantine campaigns.On the 4,400-ton-class destroyer deployed to the Gulp of Aden in February, 68 sailors tested positive after more than 100 sailors were tested for Covid-19. As over 300 sailors are aboard the ship, the number of cases can still increase. The Ministry of National Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Navy Headquarters are all responsible for the cluster infection on the vessel.First of all, the Defense Ministry did not draw up any vaccination plan even after the Cheonghae unit arrived at its destination. The military started inoculating soldiers in barracks from April, but the Joint Chiefs of Staff did not send vaccines to the naval unit. Even after 38 sailors aboard a landing ship tested positive before, the Navy did not prepare safety measures for sailors serving in tight space.The destroyer is required to call at ports in Africa or the Middle East for refueling and getting other supplies during its six-month mission. But the Navy was not prepared for possible infections from sailors’ contacts with locals. A senior officer who showed symptoms of pneumonia reportedly carried supplies from a local port last month. The opposition People Power Party criticized the government for not vaccinating the sailors — while trying to give vaccines to North Korea.Such a weird stance of the Moon Jae-in administration can be affirmed by the double standards it applied to the illegal rally by the KCTU. Over 8,000 unionists of the group pushed ahead with it in downtown Seoul and participants tested positive for Covid-19. On Sunday, the Korea Disease Control and Prevention Agency (KDCA) hurriedly ordered all of them to get tested, but a public transportation union under the umbrella union threatened to hold a 1,200-member rally in front of the National Health Insurance Service Thursday.Appearing at a Covid-19 test center in Gangnam Sunday, Moon expressed some regret for repeated breakouts of the coronavirus. We hope the government brings the Chenghae unit sailors back home safely and sternly deals with illegal rallies of the KCTU.Dereliction of dutyA cluster of Covid-19 infections is growing among sailors of the Cheonghae unit on a Navy destroyer dispatched to the waters off eastern Africa. In Korea, a growing number of members of the militant Korean Confederation of Trade Union (KCTU) tested positive after participating in an illegal rally in Seoul on July 3. The first cluster resulted from the government’s negligence of sailors’ safety while the latter originated with the government’s lax reaction. Basically, both outbreaks can be attributed to the government’s failure to buy vaccines early enough and its incompetent and irresponsible quarantine campaigns.On the 4,400-ton-class destroyer deployed to the Gulp of Aden in February, 68 sailors tested positive after more than 100 sailors were tested for Covid-19. As over 300 sailors are aboard the ship, the number of cases can still increase. The Ministry of National Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Navy Headquarters are all responsible for the cluster infection on the vessel.First of all, the Defense Ministry did not draw up any vaccination plan even after the Cheonghae unit arrived at its destination. The military started inoculating soldiers in barracks from April, but the Joint Chiefs of Staff did not send vaccines to the naval unit. Even after 38 sailors aboard a landing ship tested positive before, the Navy did not prepare safety measures for sailors serving in tight space.The destroyer is required to call at ports in Africa or the Middle East for refueling and getting other supplies during its six-month mission. But the Navy was not prepared for possible infections from sailors’ contacts with locals. A senior officer who showed symptoms of pneumonia reportedly carried supplies from a local port last month. The opposition People Power Party criticized the government for not vaccinating the sailors — while trying to give vaccines to North Korea.Such a weird stance of the Moon Jae-in administration can be affirmed by the double standards it applied to the illegal rally by the KCTU. Over 8,000 unionists of the group pushed ahead with it in downtown Seoul and participants tested positive for Covid-19. On Sunday, the Korea Disease Control and Prevention Agency (KDCA) hurriedly ordered all of them to get tested, but a public transportation union under the umbrella union threatened to hold a 1,200-member rally in front of the National Health Insurance Service Thursday.Appearing at a Covid-19 test center in Gangnam Sunday, Moon expressed some regret for repeated breakouts of the coronavirus. We hope the government brings the Chenghae unit sailors back home safely and sternly deals with illegal rallies of the KCTU.A world in cyberwarTension is rapidly building after Russian cyberattacks on SolarWinds, a leading IT infrastructure and management software provider, and Colonial Pipeline, a top fuel pipeline operator, both in the United States. At least nine U.S. government organizations, including the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of the Treasury, and approximately 18,000 private companies, including Microsoft and Intel, were exposed to the stealthy — and methodical — attacks by Russian hackers. The U.S. government says it will take at least several months to weigh the colossal damage and a year to normalize the U.S. cybersecurity system.The United States declared retaliation. In March, White House press secretary Jen Psaki confirmed to CNBC that Washington will carry out “a mix of actions seen and unseen.” In April, U.S. President Joe Biden signed an executive order putting sanctions on Russia. Russia’s new group, DarkSide, hacked Colonial Pipeline. Outraged by the cyberattack, Biden met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Geneva, Switzerland on June 16. “How would you feel if ransomware took on the pipelines from your oil fields?” asked Biden. “It would matter,” said Putin, according to Biden’s unusual solo news conference.Russia’s hacking of SolarWinds was designed elaborately. From September to November 2019, Russian hackers sought to locate vulnerabilities of computer networks of the software company and began hacking in a full-fledged way after installing a backdoor on its SolarWinds Orion software, which is used for IT inventory management and monitoring by government agencies and 80% of the Fortune 500 companies.After finishing their hacking in June 2020, the Russians erased traces of their hacking. It was in December that SolarWinds found it had been hacked. FireEye, one of the largest cybersecurity companies in the U.S., called the hacking a “state-sponsored cyberattack.” In January, Microsoft belatedly pointed to Nobelium, Russia’s new hacking group, for leading a recent cyberattacks on it. U.S. and UK intelligence agencies singled out the SVR, or Russia’s Foreign Intelligence Service, as being behind the hacking. (Moscow denied it.) But Nobelium resumed cyberattacks soon. It stole emails of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), obtained 3,000 email accounts of 150 government agencies of 24 countries, and embarked on cyberattacks.China’s cyberattacks are nearly indiscriminate, as seen in the hacking of the New York City subway authority in April. Hackers connected to the Chinese government reportedly penetrated the computer system of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA). The hackers could have caused a terrible subway accident if they wanted to. Beijing denied such allegations. China has been bent on hacking information and technology related to Covid-19 since 2020. Chinese hackers reportedly targeted Gilead Sciences, the developer of Remdesivir, a treatment for Covid-19. That’s not all. It turned out that China’s so-called Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) hacking teams hacked the U.S. government and defense contractors from October 2020 through last March. They hacked companies like Lockheed Martin in the past too. China’s stealth fighter jets such as J-21 and FC-31 might have been built with designs that were hacked and copied.For South Korea, cyberattacks from North Korea pose a serious challenge. The National Intelligence Service (NIS) says North Korean groups have hacked the Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI), the Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (DSME) and the Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute (KAERI) to steal blueprints for the prototype of KF-21 fighter jets and data on small nuclear reactors for submarines. Given the North’s past record of stealing countless pieces of private information, cryptocurrencies and military secrets, no one knows what will happen next time.And yet, our cybersecurity system is very vulnerable to attacks from outside. Legal foundations are not set. The only ordinance South Korea has is the Work Guidelines on Cybersecurity, a presidential decree, from last December. In 2019, the Blue House announced a National Cybersecurity Strategy, but fell short of coming up with follow-up steps. The National Security Office in the Blue House even does not have a secretary in charge of cybersecurity. The responsibility for cybersecurity is split among the NIS in the public sector, the Korea Internet & Security Agency (KISA) in the civilian sector, and the Cyber Command in the military. In other words, there’s no integrated cybersecurity center on the national level as in the United States, Japan and China.A Basic Cybersecurity Bill proposed by Rep. Cho Tae-yong, a former diplomatic official and current lawmaker of the opposition People Power Party (PPP), is still stuck in the National Assembly. Current laws do not allow the government to collect related information even if there are signs of cyberattacks. Existing laws such as the Telecommunication Privacy Protection Law cannot effectively respond to cyberattacks. The military’s Cyber Command is still devoid of top-caliber personnel capable of carrying out sophisticated cyberoperations.Cybersecurity environments will change faster than before. For instance, North Korea can neutralize our military before firing its long-range rockets toward South Korea. If unmanned combat systems are introduced in our military, the networks should be protected. But no systems are established to safeguard them.The deepening U.S.-China contest also poses a serious challenge for South Korea. As the private information of Korean users of TikTok, China’s popular mobile video platform, is restored in the central server in China, Beijing can exploit the information anytime if it wants to. South Korea must come up with cybersecurity measures on the national level before it’s too late.Parties of more than 4 banned across KoreaWith new infections spreading to other regions, all non-capital areas will ban gatherings of more than four people from Monday.The ban will take effect for two weeks until the first day of August."From Monday, the ban on gatherings of up to four people will be issued equally to outside the Seoul metropolitan area,” Prime Minister Kim Boo-kyum said during a Covid-19 response meeting on Sunday."At this point, we need a quarantine measure one step ahead of the speed of the virus transmission,” Kim said.All non-capital areas — except for Sejong, North Jeolla, South Jeolla and North Gyeongsang — raised their social distancing levels a notch to Level 2 last Thursday.Under Level 2, up to eight people are allowed in private gatherings, and restaurants, cafes, bars and clubs are allowed to stay open until midnight.However, each city had a different limit on gatherings — four, six or eight — causing some confusion. Moreover, there were concerns over people fleeing the capital region to areas where restrictions are looser.The greater Seoul area, home to around half the country’s population, has been placed under the strictest Level 4 guidelines since last Monday.While up to four people can get together during the day, gatherings of more than two people are banned from 6 p.m until 5 a.m. the next day.With new infections continuing despite stronger virus curbs, the government enforced a four-person cap on gatherings in all regions.However, gatherings with immediate family members, or with caregivers of a child, elderly or disabled person will be excluded from the count. Exceptions will also apply for people visiting a dying family member.Amateur sports teams will still be allowed to play if the number of players requires more than four people.Vaccine incentives exempting fully inoculated people from limits on gatherings will also remain.“After collecting opinions from local governments, all agreed to apply the restriction on private gatherings to up to four people," the Central Disaster and Safety Countermeasure Headquarters said, while adding exceptions can be made by each local government reflecting the virus situation in each region.As the country remains engulfed by a fourth wave of mass infections, Korea’s daily Covid-19 cases remained in the 1,000s for 12 days in a row.Korea added 1,454 new Covid-19 cases on Sunday, including 1,402 local infections, raising the total caseload to 177,951, the Korea Disease Control and Prevention Agency (KDCA) said.This is the highest Sunday figure the country has ever reported since the start of the pandemic. Sunday cases are usually lower due to fewer tests conducted on weekends.The country added two more virus deaths, raising the death toll to 2,057.Of Sunday’s local infections, 959 cases, or 68.4 percent, were in the greater Seoul area — 515 coming from Seoul, 363 from Gyeonggi and 81 from Incheon.Patients reported outside of greater Seoul rose to 443 cases, or 31.6 percent of the total — 96 from South Gyeongsang, 68 from Busan and 50 from Gangwon.The number of confirmed cases in non-capital areas had remained below 200, but recently spiked above 400.At least three protesters who took part in a Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU) rally on July 3 tested positive for Covid-19 as of Sunday, raising concerns about further infections.“After the first infected patient was confirmed on Friday, two more people tested positive on Saturday,” the KDCA said in a press release on Saturday night. “They were all found to have participated in the KCTU rally on July 3.”Around 8,000 members of the KCTU, the largest labor union in Korea, staged an unauthorized rally in the streets of Jongno, central Seoul, to demand complete revision of the labor law.Police rejected the KCTU’s plan to organize a rally in Yeouido and blocked the area for fear of Covid-19 infections, but it was held by surprise in Jongno.After three infected cases were reported on Saturday, health authorities issued an administrative order for all the protesters to take coronavirus tests.“I deeply regret there were infections among the participants of the KCTU rally, which we had requested several times to be cancelled amid the severe spread of the coronavirus,” Prime Minister Kim said on Saturday after releasing an emergency statement.While making a public apology, the KCTU said no clear connection has been confirmed between the infections and the rally.“The government is distorting the facts and slandering the union as if the three infections are related to attendance of the rally,” the Korean Federation of Public Services and Transportation Workers' Unions (KPTU) of the KCTU said Sunday.“It is true that the three confirmed patients attended the rally on July 3, but there is no reason to conclude that they were infected at the rally,” it said. “If infected at the rally, it means their incubation period were close to two weeks, which, according to previous research, has very low possibility.”Meanwhile, starting Monday, vaccinations for high school seniors and teachers will roll out ahead of the College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) in November.Some 632,000 high school seniors and teachers will get their first Pfizer shots at vaccination centers across the country until July 30.This is the first time Korea is offering jabs to teenagers.In a survey held in each school, around 97 percent of eligible students and teachers agreed to get the vaccine.Reservations for the Moderna vaccine will also begin tomorrow for people in their early 50s.People born in 1967 and 1968 can book from 8 p.m. on Monday, and those born from 1969 to 1971 from 8 p.m. on Tuesday. From Wednesday, reservations can be made by anyone in their 50s.Those who wish to get shots can make reservations through the national vaccine registration website (). They can also call KDCA's 1339 hotline or their local government’s call center.The administration of shots for people between the ages of 50 and 54 will be between Aug.16 and 25.BY SEO JI-EUN   [seo.jieun1@joongang.co.kr]Hana Financial makes a big statement with HQ plansHana Financial Group is building a new headquarters and it's going to be big, beautiful and full of symbolism.The structure planned for the Cheongna district of Incheon, will not scream wealth or exclusivity or stability, as a financial group might have chosen in the past. Its park-like spaces, open terraces and pathways that traverse the building from top to bottom will symbolize openness, transparency, health and wellbeing -- for people working inside as well as the surrounding community, according to NBBJ, a global architect and design firm in charge of the project.The building is expected to be completed by 2024 and ready for occupancy by 2025.The U.S.-based NBBJ was behind a number of workplace designs for big tech giants including Google, Amazon, and Tencent's headquarters in Shenzhen, dubbed Tencent Seafront Towers, Samsung Electronics' R&D Center in Suwon, Gyeonggi, as well as Samsung America's headquarters in San Jose, California.Hana Financial's is one of the first workplace environments designed by NBBJ since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic. Unsurprisingly, the physical and mental health of workers and the community has become a key priority in the project."The pandemic didn't really create new trends in workplaces but it really accelerated several that were already in motion," said Robert Mankin, partner in charge of workplace design at NBBJ, in an interview with the Korea JoongAng Daily on July 6 via Zoom. "One issue it has obviously accelerated is health in the workplace, meaning the physical and mental wellbeing of individual employees but also of the team or the larger organization.""We believe that through workspace design, employees can leave the office feeling better than when they arrive, that the office isn't just a place to work, it's actually a place in which you can be restored," he said.Hana Financial is taking a big step in moving its headquarters from the center of Seoul to Incheon. Mankin said one of the big challenges in designing the building was how to attract talent.Hana Financial is moving some 2,800 employees of its five major affiliates -- Hana Financial Group, Hana Bank, Hana Financial Investment, Hana Card and Hana Life -- to Incheon. Hana Financial Group is creating a so-called Hana Dream Town in Cheongna. While the group built its data center in Cheongna in 2017 and its human resources center there in 2019, the headquarters will be the last big piece of its plan. Already 1,800 employees are working at the data center in Cheongna and some 200 employees at the training center."Hana wanted this to be a destination not just for talent from Korea but also, as they grow internationally, for potential international workers," Mankin said. "I think in some ways, we are creating a community out there [in Cheongna.]"The following are edited excerpts from the interview with Mankin.The other aspect about workplaces that the pandemic really accelerated is the idea of agency: the ability of employees to work where they want, and how they want throughout the day. Hana Financial headquarters is designed to allow employees a choice of where they work. They have a choice of how to get to their offices.One other thing is the idea of mentorship. The one thing we have seen particularly here in North America where we've been working remotely is that [remote work has] had a particularly strong and negative impact on the younger generation, especially those just entering the workplace.When Admiral Yi appeared in Central EuropeOne of the greatest Korean national heros is Admiral Yi Sun-shin (1545–1598), the victorious naval commander of the Korean fleet during the Imjin War between 1592 and 1598.At that time, the troops of Hideyoshi Totoyotomi, the famous Japanese warlord, invaded the Korean Peninsula, but the Korean fleet earned glorious victories under the leadership of Admiral Yi who was also the inventor of the legendary "turtle ships."The world's first-ever armored warships were called geobukseon in Korean. It's very interesting to raise the question: When and how the emblematic Korean national hero was introduced in Central Europe for the first time?[News In Focus] Naver takes on the world, market by marketNaver first marched into Japan with a localized version of its portal in 2000, long before its Line instant messenger took off.The search engine service flopped, and its quiet retreat in 2013 went almost unnoticed. Google and Yahoo squeezed them out of the market.Now it’s back, and with 50 percent of A Holdings, a joint venture that Naver established with SoftBank in March that controls Yahoo Japan.The dramatic turn of events symbolizes the tech company’s shifting strategy for international expansion: making acquisitions and focusing on the well-performing sectors instead of trying to replicate domestic services abroad.With hard-earned lessons in Japan, it is now taking a multi-pronged approach to strengthening its overseas presence by region.In Europe, it zeroes in on local resale platforms as the target of investment and future collaboration. For North America, webtoons and entertainment are its mainstay businesses.Moving to other markets in Asia, Naver counts on the Line messenger to branch out into commerce and financial services.Naver Global Investment OfficerLee Hae-jin staked his job on the result of global expansion.“I will resign if the global businesses that I led fail in three to five years,” Lee was quoted as saying, according to local media reports, during a meeting with employees in March.The European market could be considered most challenging, since the company has a weak standing in the region.There, Naver opted to make investments into local platforms with dominant market share, hoping that the business ties will open the door for Naver’s technologies to be incorporated into them.It invested 115 million euros ($136 million) into Spanish resale platform operator Wallapop in February through a fund it formed with Korelya Capital. Korelya Capital is a French venture capital fund run by Fleur Pellerin, a former French culture minister.The funding follows a 59 million-euro investment into French secondhand marketplace Vestiaire Collective last year.“We made the decision because the resale market is expected to grow significantly not only in Europe, but globally,” said a spokesperson at Naver.“The sector is one of the few where big tech companies Google and Amazon don’t hold a strong grip,” he continued, “And those platforms can create synergy effects with our expertise in artificial intelligence-based search recommendations, cloud and advertising.”Naver processed 3.6 trillion won ($3.1 billion) transactions last year, the most in Korea, according to WiseApp. Coupang was No. 2.It looks to use its e-commerce prowess in expanding its business across Asia, especially in Japan.Naver CEO Han Seong-sook said that the company will bring its Smart Store feature to Line and Yahoo as early as this year. Naver’s Smart Store is an online mall focused on selling goods from small merchants or mom-and-pop stores.“The Smart Store will be available on Yahoo Japan, Line and Yahoo Shopping,” said Jong Ho-yoon, an analyst at Korea Investment & Securities.“Its business model involves fees from sale and payments and advertising,” said the analyst based on Naver’s presentation for analysts.He added that the mechanism will be used in other markets, including Taiwan and Thailand, where Line is the dominant player.Web-based comics, or webtoons, stand as a crucial pillar of Naver’s business in the North America region.Its webtoon applications are available in 100 different countries, with 72 million monthly active users, but Naver sees North America – especially the United States – as the main target.It reorganized its corporate structure last year to designate its U.S. subsidiary as the main unit for its webtoon business.To boost its appeal among younger people in the region, the tech company is moving into an adjacent area: showbiz entertainment.In a stock swap with HYBE announced in January, Naver transferred its V Live unit to the entertainment agency’s beNX subsidiary.As a result, Naver is merging its fan community platform service with that of HYBE’s, which is called Weverse.“HYBE will lead the business based on its expertise in the entertainment business, while Naver will be focused on providing tools and technologies to support the platform,” the company said in a statement.Naver rival Kakao adopts a similar formula as the operator of Kakao Talk messenger reorients its focus towards webtoons for international expansion.Following a wildly successful introduction of Kakao Talk in Korea, the company released English and Japanese versions in 2011.But the effort didn’t pay off as other messaging apps, including Line, WeChat and WhatsApp, already held a strong grip.But Kakao Japan, a Japanese subsidiary that experienced the crushing failure of Kakao Talk, spotted a silver-lining in its Piccoma comics platform.Started in 2016, it emerged as the top webtoon platform in Japan.Still, the company refrained from taking a unilateral approach to further entering other markets.Kakao acquired story-telling apps Radish and Tapas, which have solid footprints in the North American market.For nearby Asian markets, it is showing up with the Kakao Webtoon platform. It rolled out its webtoon platform in Thailand and Taiwan in May.“Our focus is not the number of countries in which we operate,” said a spokesperson at Kakao Entertainment.“Rather, we carefully gauge each market to see the business potential and decide,” she said, adding that it plans to release Kakao Webtoons in India, the Middle East and Europe this year.BY PARK EUN-JEE [park.eunjee@joongang.co.kr]In rural Korea, solar guys and villagers can't be friendsOn July 3, the villagers of Daerang-dong, Jecheon, North Chungcheong, gathered to hold yet another round of discussions on what to do about the controversial solar power generator on a hillside near their village.A road was damaged from all the heavy equipment moved up the hillside. The debate was whether it should be repaired with cement or asphalt - and who would pay. The meeting ended inconclusively."No matter what they decide, even if they say they will do the work," sighs a spokesman for a company that builds small solar panel power plants in the area, "the friction will continue to occur."The conflict is a small one - but emblematic of a low-running battle between operators of small solar power plants throughout Korea and the communities they have been plunked in the middle of.Korea's mountainous villages are now home to some 12,000 such solar power plants.And often relations in those homes are testy.Investors built solar panel power plants on mountain, encouraged by the central government as a way to wean Korea off nuclear power, and sell electricity generated by the plants to the Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO).While the investors have been making money from the solar power plants, local residents have benefited little. Their complaints have been growing. Some are picayune, like sunlight reflected by the panels.Some are more substantial. In Jangsu County, North Jeolla, last August, panels on a mountaintop collapsed after heavy rainfall and caused a landslide."In what way is cutting down healthy trees and building a power plant eco-friendly?" one villager who has been protesting the plants in Jecheon, North Chungcheong, told the JoongAng Ilbo."The government encouraged us to build these plants, and we gave the village a development fund," said a power plant owner in Jecheon. "But nothing comes easy."Kim Seok-ju, 65, suffered an accident in a landslide in August 2020 in Gunwi County, North Gyeongsang. He thinks it was caused by a solar power plant being built in the area at a time of heavy rainfall."I was working in the field, when I heard a rumble from the power plant," he said, recalling the accident."I called to my wife who was in the house and we escaped. The fields were ruined, and the dogs and puppies that we were raising were buried – they all died. Since the accident, I have become petrified with fear and my body shakes whenever it rains."As long as there are solar plants in the area, I don't think my wife and I will be able to continue to live in peace," he added.The solar power plant investors see things differently."Kim is playing the victim so he can obtain some compensation from our solar plant business, and he and other residents in the area have tried to obstruct our work for years," said a spokesperson for a power plant builder in the area."They've been torturing us to the point that sometimes I wish I would just die at the construction site."Conflicts over solar power stations can be found in mountainous villages in Gyeongsang, Jeolla, and Chungcheong regions.In May, the Joongang Ilbo visited a small village in Sobomyeon, Gunwi Country, North Gyeongsang. The village was located on a hill and as we approached it, solar panels began to come into view.The panels fill gaps between wooded areas of the village - gaps that didn't exist until the solar stations were constructed.Ryu Ho-sik, 55, a resident of Daegu who moved to the village five years ago to help his son recuperate from an illness, says the solar power plants have been a constant pain.Almost immediately after he moved in, a couple of solar panels were installed right next to his place."The workers would cut down trees, and there was constant noise and dust," said Ryu. "My son, who needs to wear an oxygen mask on a daily basis, faced serious problems."Over the last few years, the entire area around our house has been filled with solar panels, so the whole intention of moving in search of a better environment has lost its purpose," he said.Solar power plays an important role in slowing down global warming. There is plenty of research on the use of sunlight as an alternative to fossil fuels."It is trees that convert sunlight into energy," said Jang Taek-hee, a researcher on the environment and renewable energy. "If solar energy technology continues to develop, a day may come when it can produce energy more efficiently than trees."Tony Seba, author of the Amazon best-seller "Clean disruption of Energy and Transportation," has emphasized in his research and lectures that solar energy's cost-competitiveness is on the rise because of rapid advancements in the technology.But its application has been more fast and loose in Korea than perhaps elsewhere.Forests were cut down and large power plants built without much planning, according to data submitted by the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy and the Korea Forest Service to Rep. Yoon Young-seok of the People Power Party.According to the data, the number of solar power plants in mountainous areas in Korea exceeded 12,000 at the end of last year.Using the report, Rep. Yoon had criticized the Moon Jae-in administration for causing deforestation in the name of solar energy.The Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy says otherwise."Compared to the last administration, the development of solar power plants has been slow," an official of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy told the JoongAng Ilbo.Some experts have criticized policies that have encouraged deforestation in the name of solar energy development.After 2018, laws allowed owners of land in a mountainous area to change the use of the land from wilderness to multiple-purpose use once solar plants were built in vicinity, which gave the owner more diverse options in the types of buildings that could be built on the land to try to hike up its price."A lot of the solar power plant developers would select some of the hard-to-reach mountainous areas where electricity transmission is weak," said a local government official of a district office in North Gyeongsang. "It can be suspected that some of these developers were looking for real estate profits more than anything else."Another problem with solar power plants being built in  mountainous regions is that they can lead to landslides after heavy rains.A collapsed solar power plant last year in Jangsu, North Jeolla has not yet been fully restored.When the Joongang Ilbo visited the location on July 2, the reporter could see large solar power plants visible on both sides of the road leading to the village."Most of the people in the neighborhood hate the solar power plants," one resident of the village told the Joongang Ilbo. "The region is famous for its natural scenery so it does not make any sense to cut down trees in the mountains to replace them with ecofriendly power."Residents have protested, but the authorities gave permission, so there was no way to prevent it," he added. "At one point in time, all the customers in the neighborhood restaurants were solar power construction workers."When the reporter visited the location where the accident happened, a large solar power plant was visible though forest. The iron fence had a warning sign reading, "Extra high voltage."One solar power professional that the JoongAng Ilbo spoke with admitted having questioned the solar panel policies."When it rains, a mountainous area that has been deforested has a high risk of landslides," he said.Some residents who have been fighting solar power plants say the most difficult part of the fight is not being heard."It's shocking to see the extent to which the government will go to ignore our pleas," said a resident of a village in North Chungcheong where a solar power plant is being developed. "We used to lead such happy, simple lives before all this.""People who have done nothing but farm their entire lives are now embroiled in lawsuits," said a farmer from the Gyeongsang region."Many people do not realize the hardship that residents without money face fighting in court with power plant companies and paying large attorney fees," he said.BY KANG JOO-AN, HA SEUNG-HUI [kjdnational@joongang.co.kr]Ri Yong-gil may be North's defense ministerNorth Korea is believed to have named former Minister of Social Security Ri Yong-gil as defense minister, removing Kim Jong-gwan from the post, according to a South Korean government source on Thursday.The appointment follows the dismissal of Ri Pyong-chol, vice chairman of the North’s Central Military Commission and a standing member of the Politburo Presidium, after criticism by Kim Jong-un on June 29.“Judging from Ri’s placement and military attire during the [party leadership’s] visit to Kumsusan Palace of the Sun on the 27th anniversary of Kim Il Sung's death on July 8, it is highly likely that he was appointed to the [defense minister] post.”Kim visit to the palace – a mausoleum for his grandfather Kim Il Sung and father Kim Jong-il – with an entourage of high-ranking officials from the North’s party and military leadership was closely scrutinized for any changes in the positions of officials who usually stand close to Kim.Ri Pyong-chol, who usually wears a military uniform on such occasions and is normally placed next to Kim in the front row, was spotted in the third row wearing a black Mao suit.The European Union (EU) in March put Ri Yong-gil, then the North’s social security minister, on a list of North Korean intelligence and public security officials slapped with sanctions for violating human rights by committing torture and sexual assault, among other crimes.However, the South Korean official added, “While various circumstances suggest Ri has been appointed defense minister, we will watch for official confirmation, such as the North Korean media referring to him as defense minister.”The apparent appointment of Ri is yet another change among high-ranking North Korean party and military officials following a meeting of the North’s ruling Workers’ Party Politburo on June 29, where Kim reprimanded party members for “negligence of their official duties” and demoted Ri Pyong-chol from his presidium post and General Park Jong-chon from his position as marshal and the North’s military chief of staff.Kim is believed to have blamed Ri for delays to the installation of sanitization and quarantine facilities at Uiju Airport near the Sino-North Korean border.The airport is reportedly central to the regime’s plans to facilitate the entry of Chinese aid and restart trade while keeping Covid-19 at bay.Although South Korean news agency Yonhap reported in February 2016 that Ri Yong-gil had been executed on charges of corruption and forming a political faction, North Korean state media announced during a May 2016 Workers’ Party Congress that Ri had been appointed a member of the Central Committee of the North's ruling Workers’ Party, as well as its Central Military Commission.BY MICHAEL LEE, JEONG YONG-SOO [lee.junhyuk@joongang.co.kr]Shifting the blameAn administrative official in the Blue House tested positive for the coronavirus Wednesday. The number of cases is setting new records after 1,615 new cases were reported Wednesday. If the current pace continues, daily cases are expected to exceed 2,000 pretty soon.The Delta variant has already become a major threat to Korea. The Delta variant, which has been common in India, may spread two to three times faster than the first strain of the coronavirus. We seriously wonder if President Moon Jae-in can really keep his promise to curtail this fourth wave of infections with the Level 4 social distancing rules for two weeks.Except for the strict ban on private gatherings of more than two people after 6 p.m. from Monday, the new four-tiered social distancing guidelines are milder than the earlier five-level set of rules. The new guidelines were drawn up with vaccinations seemed to be proceeding at a fast pace, and herd immunity was likely sooner rather than later. If the new distancing rules — proposed by Blue House vaccine czar Ki Mo-ran and approved by the Central Disaster and Safety Countermeasures Headquarters last month — cannot block the spread of the fourth wave, the government may have to come up with preemptive special measures to control the spread.As a result of the government’s rearranging of social distancing rules, Level 4 distancing rules are applied in the greater Seoul area while Level 2 distancing rules are applied in Sejong Administrative City, South and North Jeolla Provinces, and North Gyeongsang Province, and Level 1 rules in the remaining areas from Thursday. The divergent distancing levels can cause confusion. The imminent summer vacation for students also can cause trouble. If the government wants to minimize the spread of this virus from Seoul to other parts of the country, it needs to narrow the gap in distancing rules among regions.After people in their 50s could not make online reservation for vaccines Monday due to a website crash and a shortage of vaccines, Jeong Eun-kyeong, head of the Korea Disease Control and Prevention Agency (KDCA), apologized. Fortunately, the KDCA resumed online reservations for the age group between 55 and 59 Wednesday. But due to a dearth of vaccines, the agency had to split the age group between 50 and 54 into two. Korea’s vaccination campaign has been outpaced by Japan’s now.Appearing before the National Assembly Tuesday, the KCDA chief took responsibility for helping trigger the fourth wave by sending a mixed message to the public by announcing revised distancing guidelines. But the Blue House is trying to shift the responsibility to “all of us,” as President Moon said. We remember what he said in July 2017, two months after taking office. “The Blue House has no grounds for denying its responsibility when grave disasters take place,” he said.